# July 14th, 2023

Explore what new changes the Training team has made in the last week.

<details>

<summary><strong>General News</strong></summary>

* Adam hasn't beat Tears of the Kingdom yet. But one day...
* As a reminder, our new training is as follows:
  * Mondays: Rewst 101 @ 12pm EST + Rewst 104 @ 1pm EST
  * Tuesdays: Rewst 102 @ 12pm EST + Rewst 105 @ 1pm EST
  * Wednesdays: Rewst 103 @ 12pm EST + Rewst 106 @ 1pm EST
  * Thursdays: ROC AMA @ 12pm EST
* [Sign up for any and all Cluck U Trainings here!](https://calendly.com/cluck-u)
* We've created automations to create tickets for any [Documentation or Education Topics on Canny](https://rewst.canny.io/education-topic-requests) requests. Feel free to add to the list!
* Join us in our new [cluck-u Discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/936789089703845988/1121465945295167588) if you have any questions, comments, or concerns!

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Cluck U and Documentation Updates</strong></summary>

Documentation

* [The Front rewst.help page has been reworked to highlight learning resources available!](https://rewst.help)
* Open Mic - July 7th Video and Page Added.
* ConnectWise Control Integration Setup doc now available!
* Microsoft Exchange Online Integration Setup doc now available!
* JumpCloud Integration Setup doc now available!
* Core Actions doc now available!
* Add Client to Rewst Crate doc available!
* Updates:
  * Updates to the organization variable configuration page.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Tickets</strong></summary>

With the ROC now using Halo for their ticketing system, this is when you should find a ticket created for you!

* [ ] A discussion with a ROC engineer that doesn't result in a fix on first discussion
* [ ] If you have a call to troubleshoot, create workflows or other ROC work
* [ ] For all onboarding or expansion work
* [ ] If a call results in a new workflow idea or request

If you'd like to manually create a ticket yourself, review the "Rewst Support" section at the bottom of this page.

</details>
