# June 21st, 2024

Explore the new changes to the Marketplace in the last week!

This can be anything from new crates, enhancements, or bug fixes!

<details>

<summary><strong>New crates and enhancements</strong></summary>

* Document User Details
  * Support for Hudu
* Document Shared Mailbox Details
  * Support for Hudu
* Organizational Setup Report
  * Added `if org.is_enabled == true` to the 'all\_orgs' data alias to filter out disabled orgs.
* Rewst: User Offboarding
  * Added 'accountEnabled' to the items returned from the 'Graph List Users' actions and updated the 'options' data alias to include `and users.accountEnabled == true` to hide disabled users.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Bug fixes and chores</strong></summary>

* Rewst: User Onboarding
  * Modified form fields for on-prem to be set to hidden. Desired behavior is for them to only show when the org var for on\_prem is configured.
* Microsoft 365 Quarantine Email Release
  * Updated the 'eco\_release' task so it is using the 'Release-QuarantineMessage' Cmdlet instead of 'Get-QuarantineMessage' so that it would properly release a message.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Coming soon!</strong></summary>

* Rewst: User Offboarding - in testing with customers
  * On-prem AD support
* NEW CRATE - Liongard MFA Remediation
  * Liongard detects when MFA is not enabled properly, logs it to a PSA ticket, Rewst enables MFA and updates the ticket.
* NEW CRATE - Billing Count Report Crate
  * Generate a billing report with license counts in 12 different integrations

</details>

