# May 31st, 2024

Explore the new changes to the Marketplace in the last week!

This can be anything from new crates, enhancements, or bug fixes!

<details>

<summary><strong>New crates and enhancements</strong></summary>

* Rewst: User Onboarding
  * Changed manual license approval to CWM ticket link as default behavior. To use pod notifications, set the use_pod_notifications org variable to true.
  * Updated to allow for exclusion of vars in initial description template(s) by adding `onboard_excluded_org_variables`.
  * Added support for purchasing licenses through TD SYNNEX Stellr.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Bug fixes and chores</strong></summary>

* Configure Organizational Variables
  * Updated the form to correctly auto-populate with the default values from the options-generators
* Rewst: User Offboarding
  * Fixed the External Note action to set both an internal and external note if the proper conditions are met.
  * Adjusted all options-gen fields that return an ID to not allow custom input in the form.
* Sync LastLoggedInUser to PSA Config Item
  * Updated `datto_psa_configuration_items_query` to have isActive set to True to avoid inactive items being returned.
* Rewst: User Onboarding
  * Fixed workflow failures when both CWM and Halo are installed in the same org.
  * Enhanced device matching process to handle instances where systemName is not provided, preventing workflow failures.

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>Coming soon!</strong></summary>

* Rewst: User Offboarding
  * On-prem AD support
* Document M365 Environment
  * Support for Hudu
* Document User Details
  * Support for Hudu
* Document Group Details
  * Support for Hudu
* Document Shared Mailbox Details
  * Support for Hudu

</details>
